Hi there.
I teach in Brevard, North Carolina,
and I just picked up a Flangoo subscription,
I guess in the winter of the year, last year,
as an extra resource for my sixth, seventh, and eight graders.
I teach exploratory Spanish, and
I have formally taught "Lorena", the story of Lorena in the level one readers,
to my eight graders. They really liked that.
I love the cultural books especially.
Anything having to do with authentic holidays, or authentic culture,
I think is really interesting for my students,
and, of course, I believe that reading is so important for them.
I'm really happy that you came out with this program.
I think it's going to keep on getting better and better,
and I look forward to seeing what y'all do with it next.
So thank you very much for providing your resource,
and thanks for the workshop too. It was a lot of fun, and
have a great day.